---
layout: post
title: Ready to Change the game?
---

So are we. We are excited to open applications for the 2017 Change the Game Training: Political and Organizing Data Training for Communities of Color. **If you are already ready to apply, [click here](http://changethegame.io/apply/) to fill out the application form. Applications are due by June 30, 2017.**

Together, we’re working to provide skills that will ensure victories in the next few consequential months and years. Our innovative training teaches participants to use Data and Analytics to engage and target all voters especially, historically underrepresented communities for the progressive movement. 

+ Are you a person who comes to the table with solutions? 
+ Are you interested in how we can use Data and Analytics to make life better for people of color in this country?
+ Are you committed to ensuring equal representation and empowerment for those in need?

We invite you to [participate in the first Change the Game Training](http://changethegame.io/apply/) -  Political and Organizing Data Training for Communities of Color. Please apply, even if you’re unsure if you’ll be able to afford it.

We know we’re under-equipped to provide the level of support to candidates and representatives in and around the country so that they are empowered to make informed legislative decisions. In order to have the most power in the decision, we need you to be well positioned and well informed so you can help influence the decision makers to the side of justice. Because we are intentionally creating space for historically underrepresented communities in political data and technology, scholarships are available. 
  
Here’s that link again to apply: [http://changethegame.io/apply/](http://changethegame.io/apply/) 
 
Our country is in crisis and we know we need to attack this problem at its core. YOU can be a part of the solution and together we can make the difference. It starts with your application. Will you join us?

For more information about the training, [check out our FAQ](http://changethegame.io/info/).
